Software Engineer Sr - Angular/Java/SpringBoot/Microservices/Kafka
PNC Financial Services Group
Farmers Branch, TX

Apply



$55K - $152K/yr

Full-time

Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Retirement, PTO

Posted 6 days ago

PNC Bank rating
Powered by real frontline workers on

7.7

Based on 334 frontline employees who took The Breakroom Quiz

73rd of 141 rated banks

View more about working here
Job description
Position Overview
At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a(n) [position title] within PNC's [name of division] organization, you will be based in [city/state location of position].
Job Profile
Position OverviewAt PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a Software Engineer Sr within PNC's Retail Technology organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA, Cleveland, OH, Dallas, TX, or Birmingham, AL.
Due to the nature of this position we are seeking passionate Software Engineers. Candidates should have experience with the following:
- Backend Architecture & API Engineering
Design and implement scalable frontend and backend services using Angular, Java, Spring Boot, and microservices, delivering secure and performant APIs.
Define and maintain API contracts, service integrations, and data models, ensuring reliability, consistency, and extensibility.
- Code Quality, Reliability & Technical Leadership
Own backend components end‑to‑end, applying best practices in clean code, testing, and CI/CD to deliver high-quality software.
Provide technical leadership through code reviews, design guidance, and mentoring, while driving performance, stability, and continuous improvement.PNC is an in-office company that fosters a supportive culture where employees can thrive and achieve balance. We encourage candidates to connect with their recruiter and hiring manager to understand workplace expectations and ensure the role aligns with their goals.PNC will not provide sponsorship for employment visas or participate in STEM OPT for this position.Job Description
Provides detailed technical design and development of software solutions using existing and emerging technology platforms.
Proposes & designs software solutions to address complex business needs.
Writes code, tests and deploys software.
Prepares technical and procedural documentation required for software.
Maintains and debugs software.
PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:

Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.
Qualifications
Successful candidates must demonstrate appropriate knowledge, skills, and abilities for a role. Listed below are skills, competencies, work experience, education, and required certifications/licensures needed to be successful in this position.

Preferred SkillsApplication Development, Business Management, Customer Solutions, Design, Group Problem Solving, Process Improvements, Project Development, Project Management, QA Project Management, Release Management, Risk Management, Software Solutions, User Experience (UX) DesignCompetenciesApplication Delivery Process, Application Design, Architecture, Application Development Tools, Application Testing, Packaged Application Integration, System Development Life Cycle, Technical Troubleshooting, Technical Writing/DocumentationWork ExperienceRoles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 3+ years of relevant / direct industry experience. Certifications are often desired. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education, job specific certification(s), and experience (including military service) may be considered.EducationBachelorsCertificationsNo Required Certification(s)LicensesNo Required License(s)Pay TransparencyBase Salary: $55,000.00 – $152,375.00Salaries may vary based on geographic location, market data and on individual skills, experience, and education. This role is incentive eligible with the payment based upon company, business and/or individual performance.Application WindowGenerally, this opening is expected to be posted for two business days from 04/08/2026, although it may be longer with business discretion.BenefitsPNC offers a comprehensive range of benefits to help meet your needs now and in the future. Depending on your eligibility, options for full-time employees include: medical/prescription drug coverage (with a Health Savings Account feature), dental and vision options; employee and spouse/child life insurance; short and long-term disability protection; 401(k) with PNC match, pension and stock purchase plans; dependent care reimbursement account; back-up child/elder care; adoption, surrogacy, and doula reimbursement; educational assistance, including select programs fully paid; a robust wellness program with financial incentives.In addition, PNC generally provides the following paid time off, depending on your eligibility: maternity and/or parental leave; up to 11 paid holidays each year; 9 occasional absence days each year, unless otherwise required by law; between 15 to 25 vacation days each year, depending on career level; and years of service.
To learn more about these and other programs, including benefits for full time and part-time employees, visit pncthrive.com.

Disability Accommodations Statement
If an accommodation is required to participate in the application process, please contact us via email at AccommodationRequest@pnc.com. Please include “accommodation request” in the subject line title and be sure to include your name, the job ID, and your preferred method of contact in the body of the email. Emails not related to accommodation requests will not receive responses.  Applicants may also call 877-968-7762 and say "Workday" for accommodation assistance. All information provided will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.


At PNC we foster an inclusive and accessible workplace.  We provide reasonable accommodations to employment applicants and qualified individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to perform the essential functions of their positions.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)

PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

This position is subject to the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDIA) and, for any registered role, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act) and/or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which prohibit the hiring of individuals with certain criminal history.

California Residents
Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.


Report

What PNC Bank employees say
Powered by real frontline workers on

Pay

Only some people get paid breaks


Most people get paid when they’re sick


The job rarely spills into unpaid time

Benefits

Only some people get separate paid time off for sick days and vacation


Most people say they can afford the health insurance


Most people get paid time off

Hours and flexibility

Less than 4 weeks notice of work schedule